Update: Add disallowTemplateShorthand option in no-implicit-coercion (#13579)
eslint/eslint: docs/rules/no-implicit-coercion.md

This rule has three main options and one override option to allow some coercions as required.

-   `"boolean"` (`true` by default) - When this is `true`, this rule warns shorter type conversions for `boolean` type.
-   `"number"` (`true` by default) - When this is `true`, this rule warns shorter type conversions for `number` type.
-   `"string"` (`true` by default) - When this is `true`, this rule warns shorter type conversions for `string` type.

> -   `"disallowTemplateShorthand"` (`false` by default) - When this is `true`, this rule warns shorter type conversions using template strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `"disallowTemplateShorthand"` (`false` by default) - When this is `true`, this rule warns `string` type conversions using `${expression}` form.
```

Or something like this, to be more specific. "shorter type conversions using template strings" could be interpreted as ``` `` + foo ```, which is also warned but unrelated to this option.

Can you also switch the order of `"disallowTemplateShorthand"` and `"allow"` in this list (as well as the order of sections below), so that `"disallowTemplateShorthand"` becomes last? `"allow"` is related to the previous three options, while `"disallowTemplateShorthand"` is an option for itself.

> -   `"allow"` (`empty` by default) - Each entry in this array can be one of `~`, `!!`, `+` or `*` that are to be allowed.

Reviewer: This is a correct way to add this check in a minor version, but the options are getting confusing.

Disallowing `` `${foo}` `` when `"string"` is set to `true` and unless there's a corresponding entry in the `"allow"` array would be more in line with the existing schema. However, that would probably have to wait for the major version, and we also prefer to add new checks behind an option first and make it default later, so I'm not sure what's the best way to do this.

Thoughts?

It seems that the schema for this rule makes it difficult to add new checks like this in a minor version while keeping the options consistent.

Author: I agree. Backwards compatibility is the sole reason I added this as a new option instead of using the existing `string` option.

Author: Is this discussion blocking? Is any action required from me to get this merged?

Reviewer: It seems that neither of the solutions is ideal, so let's add a new boolean option as proposed.

Can we name it something like `disallowTemplateShorthand` instead of `templateString`? The other three options `boolean`, `number`, and `string` refer to types, while this one refers to a notation.

Author: I renamed the option to `disallowTemplateString`.

foo = String(foo);
```

> ### disallowTemplateString

Reviewer: It's now `"disallowTemplateString"` in the docs, but `"disallowTemplateShorthand"` in the code.

This option is **not** affected by the `string` option.

Examples of **incorrect** code for the `{ "disallowTemplateShorthand": true }` option:

```js
/*eslint no-implicit-coercion: ["error", { "disallowTemplateShorthand": true }]*/

var s = `${foo}`;
```

Examples of **correct** code for the `{ "disallowTemplateShorthand": true }` option:

```js
/*eslint no-implicit-coercion: ["error", { "disallowTemplateShorthand": true }]*/

var s = String(foo);

var s = `a${foo}`;

var s = `${foo}b`;

var s = `${foo}${bar}`;

> ```

Reviewer: Can you also add ``var s = tag`${foo}`;``
